# jasmine-browser-runner 0.10.0 Release Notes

## New features and bugfixes

* Updated dependencies, particularly selenium-webdriver, to latest versions.

* The `init` command generates an ES module specific config file if `--esm` is 
  passed.

  In typical ES module usage, specs are the "root" modules that will have script
  tags added to the page, and everything else is brought in via (usually
  relative) imports. For that to work without users having to know too much
  about how jasmine-browser-runner generates URLs, the "source" files also
  need to be inside specDir. Similarly, directly including source modules via
  script tags doesn't make much sense, since a well-behaved ES module
  exports things rather than making them available as globals.

* Better error message when jasmine-core is not installed

* Spec etc. files can be http or https URLs as well as local paths

* Load scripts in body, not head

  This enables the use of libraries that expect document.body to be defined
  at load time, notably react-testing-library.


## Documentation updates

* Added [a tutorial explaining how to set up jasmine-browser-runner to test React apps](https://jasmine.github.io/tutorials/react_with_browser)

## Internal improvements

* Test both oldest and newest supported jasmine-core versions in CI builds

## Supported environments

jasmine-browser-runner 0.10.0 has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions |
|-------------------|--------------------|
| Node              | 14, 16             |
| Safari            | 8-14               |
| Chrome            | 96                 |
| Firefox           | 94, 68, 78         |
| Edge              | 95                 |
| Internet Explorer | 10, 11             |

------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_