# Release Notes

## Summary

This is a development release of jasmine-browser-runner that includes
a number of significant bugfixes, especially for Saucelabs users, as well as
some new features.

## Breaking changes

* The `Server` class now encapsulates the underlying Express server. Instead of
  using the Express server that was previously exposed by the `start` method, use
  the `stop` and `port` methods.
* When there are focused specs or  suites but no failures, the exit code is 2 
  instead of 1.


## New features

* Added an init command.
* Added support for headless Chrome.
* Added basic support for ES modules.
    * Files ending in .mjs are loaded as ES modules.
    * Other scenarios are not yet supported. If you're using ES modules in the
      browser and they don't end in .mjs, please 
      [open an issue](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine-browser/issues) with
      details of your setup.

## Documentation improvements

* Added Saucelabs setup instructions to the README.


## Bugfixes

* Fixed race condition in batch polling.
* Handle webdriver errors when fetching reporter batches.
* Clean up correctly when the runner fails.
* Fixed race condition in server startup.
* Various other async error handling fixes.
* Log server-side errors to the console.
* Browser version, OS, and tunnel identifiers are now passed to Saucelabs
  correctly.
* Default to Firefox when no browser is specified.


## Internal improvements

* Migrated from Travis to Circle CI.
* Added Saucelabs integration tests.
* Improved index specs.
* Use ES6 classes for code that doesn't run in the browser.
* Use a more conistent async style.


------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_