# jasmine-browser-runner 1.0.0 Release Notes

This release enables the use of jasmine-core 4.0.0 and includes several breaking
changes. If you're upgrading from an older version, please read the jasmine-core
4.0.0 release notes and see the
[migration guide](https://jasmine.github.io/tutorials/upgrading_to_Jasmine_4.0)
for more information.

## Breaking changes

* `jasmine-core` 4.0.0 or later is required.
* Obsolete browsers, most notably Internet Explorer, are no longer supported.
  See the list of supported environments below.
* The `jasmine-browser-runner` command now uses distinct exit codes for various 
  types of non-success:
  * 1 for anything unexpected, including syntax errors in spec files and other
    load-time errors
  * 2 when there are focused specs/suites but no failures
  * 3 for spec/suite failures
  * Other nonzero exit codes may be used for other purposes. Code that checks
    the exit code of the `jasmine-browser-runner` command should not treat any
    value other than 0 as success.

## New features and bug fixes

* Added support for the debug logging feature introduced in `jasmine-core` 4.0.0.

* The `jasmine-browser-runner` command exits nonzero on usage errors.

* Top suite failures are included in the reported failure count.

## Supported Environments

jasmine-browser-runner 1.0.0 has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions |
|-------------------|--------------------|
| Node              | 12.17+, 14, 16     |
| Safari            | 14-15              |
| Chrome            | 96                 |
| Firefox           | 91, 95             |
| Edge              | 96                 |

------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_