# jasmine-browser-runner 3.0.0-beta.1 Release Notes

## Summary

This is a pre-release, intended to offer a preview of breaking changes and to
solicit feedback.

## A Note About Pre-Release Compatibility

There may be additional breaking changes in future 3.0 pre-releases or in the
final 3.0 release. That's allowed by the semver specification, but users are
sometimes unpleasantly surprised by it.

NPM's implementation of carat version ranges assumes that subsequent
pre-releases and final releases are fully compatible with earlier pre-releases.
If your package.json contains `"jasmine-browser-runner": "^3.0.0-beta.1`, 
NPM might install any later 3.x version even though there is no guarantee of
compatibility. If that isn't ok, you should specify an exact pre-release version:
`"jasmine-browser-runner": "3.0.0-beta.1`.

If you are publishing a package that depends on jasmine-browser-runner, please
either stick to regular releases or pin to an exact pre-release version.

## Breaking Changes

* Default to localhost when a listenAddress is not specified

  Previously, jasmine-browser-runner defaulted to listening on the address
  specified by the hostname config value if specified or all network
  interfaces if neither  listenAddress nor hostname was specified. This
  change improves security by not allowing connections from other hosts unless
  that's been explicitly requested.

* Removed redundant options parameter from Server#start

  If you were passing options to Server#start, pass them to the Server
  constructor instead.

* Removed redundant second options parameter from startServer

  If you were passing two options parameters to startServer, combine them into
  a single parameter.

* Removed legacy Saucelabs support

  jasmine-browser-runner can still be used with Saucelabs via the remote 
  Selenium grid feature. See the README for details.

* Updated to Express 5.0

  This may be a breaking change if your jasmine-browser-runner configuration
  adds any Express middleware that isn't compatible with Express 5. See the
  [Express 5 migration guide](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/migrating-5.html)
  for details. If your configuration doesn't contain a `middleware` property,
  you don't need to change anything.

## Supported Environments

This version has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions      |
|-------------------|-------------------------|
| Node              | 18, 20, 22              |
| Safari            | 15-17                   |
| Chrome            | 130*                    |
| Firefox           | 102**, 115**, 128, 131* |
| Edge              | 130*                    |

\* Evergreen browser. Each version of jasmine-browser-runner is tested against 
the latest version available at release time.<br>
\** Environments that are past end of life are supported on a best-effort
basis. They may be dropped in a future minor release of Jasmine if continued
support becomes impractical.


------


_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_