# jasmine-browser-runner 3.0.0-beta.2 Release Notes

## Summary

This is a pre-release, intended to offer a preview of breaking changes and to
solicit feedback.

If you are upgrading directly from 2.x, you should also read the
[3.0.0-beta.1 release notes](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine-browser-runner/blob/main/release_notes/3.0.0-beta.1.md).


## A Note About Pre-Release Compatibility

There may be additional breaking changes in future 3.0 pre-releases or in the
final 3.0 release. That's allowed by the semver specification, but users are
sometimes unpleasantly surprised by it.

NPM's implementation of carat version ranges assumes that subsequent
pre-releases and final releases are fully compatible with earlier pre-releases.
If your package.json contains `"jasmine-browser-runner": "^3.0.0-beta.2`,
NPM might install any later 3.x version even though there is no guarantee of
compatibility. If that isn't ok, you should specify an exact pre-release version:
`"jasmine-browser-runner": "3.0.0-beta.2`.

If you are publishing a package that depends on jasmine-browser-runner, please
either stick to regular releases or pin to an exact pre-release version.

## Breaking Changes

* The useHtmlReporter config option has been removed.

  There's no sign that anyone has used useHtmlReporter, and it only did half
  the job of replacing the default HTML reporter.

## Other Changes

* The minimum jasmine-core version is now 5.5.0.

* The --reporter= CLI option has been removed.
  
  --reporter= hasn't worked since v0.6.0, and nobody noticed. When it worked, it
  was inconsistent with the way the same option works in the `jasmine` package.
  If anyone ever expresses a need to specify reporters on the command line, we
  can figure out the best way to bring it back.

* The [forbidDuplicateNames core config option](https://jasmine.github.io/api/5.5/Configuration.html#forbidDuplicateNames)
  is set to true in newly generated config files.

## Supported Environments

This version has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions      |
|-------------------|-------------------------|
| Node              | 18, 20, 22              |
| Safari            | 15**, 16, 17            |
| Chrome            | 131*                    |
| Firefox           | 102**, 115**, 128, 132* |
| Edge              | 131*                    |

\* Evergreen browser. Each version of jasmine-browser-runner is tested against
the latest version available at release time.<br>
\** Environments that are past end of life are supported on a best-effort
basis. They may be dropped in a future minor release of Jasmine if continued
support becomes impractical.



------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_