# jasmine-browser-runner 4.0.0-beta.0 Release Notes

This is a pre-release, intended to offer a preview of breaking changes and to
solicit feedback.

## A Note About Pre-Release Compatibility

There may be additional breaking changes in future 4.0 pre-releases or in the
final 4.0 release. That's allowed by the semver specification, but users are
sometimes unpleasantly surprised by it.

NPM's implementation of carat version ranges assumes that subsequent
pre-releases and final releases are fully compatible with earlier pre-releases.
If your package.json contains `"jasmine-browser-runner": "^4.0.0-beta.0`,
NPM might install any later 4.x version even though there is no guarantee of
compatibility. If that isn't ok, you should specify an exact pre-release version:
`"jasmine-browser-runner": "4.0.0-beta.0`.

## Summary

## Changes to supported environments

* Node 18 is no longer supported.
* Node 24 is now supported.
* Safari 15 is no longer supported.
* Safari 26 is now supported on a best-effort basis.

Due to the limited availability of Safari 18 and later on free CI services, 
Safari support in future jasmine-browser-runner versions will be limited to:

* Best-effort support for the latest Safari version available on GitHub Actions,
  which may change at any time.
* Best-effort support for Safari 16 and 17 for as long as it remains practical.

## Bug fixes

* Report top suite name as "top suite", not "undefined".

## New features

* Console reporter respects the NO_COLOR environment variable.
* Compatibility with glob 11, 12 and 13 as well as 10. Glob 13 is considerably 
  smaller than previous versions.

## Supported environments

This version has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions             |
|-------------------|--------------------------------|
| Node              | 20, 22, 24                     |
| Safari**          | 16, 17, 26.1                   |
| Chrome            | 143*                           |
| Firefox           | 102**, 115**, 128**, 140, 145* |
| Edge              | 142*                           |

\* Evergreen browser. Each version of Jasmine is tested against the latest
version available at release time.<br>
\** Supported on a best-effort basis. Support for these versions may be dropped
if it becomes impractical, and bugs affecting only these versions may not be
treated as release blockers.

------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_