# jasmine-browser-runner 4.0.0 Release Notes

This release updates the `jasmine-core` dependency to 6.0, which is a major
release that includes breaking changes. In addition to the list of changes in
this document, please read the
[migration guide](https://jasmine.github.io/upgrade-guides/6.0)
and the
[release notes for `jasmine-core` 6.0.0](https://github.com/jasmine/jasmine/blob/main/release_notes/6.0.0.md).


## Changes to supported environments

* Node 18 is no longer supported.
* Node 24 is now supported.
* Safari 15 is no longer supported.
* Safari 26 is now supported on a best-effort basis.

Due to the limited availability of Safari 18 and later on free CI services,
Safari support in future jasmine-browser-runner versions will be limited to:

* Best-effort support for the latest Safari version available on GitHub Actions,
  which may change at any time.
* Best-effort support for Safari 16 and 17 for as long as it remains practical.

## Bug fixes

* Report top suite name as "top suite", not "undefined".

## New features

* Console reporter respects the NO_COLOR environment variable.
* Compatibility with glob 11, 12 and 13 as well as 10. Glob 13 is considerably
  smaller than previous versions.

## Supported environments

This version has been tested in the following environments.

| Environment       | Supported versions             |
|-------------------|--------------------------------|
| Node              | 20, 22, 24                     |
| Safari**          | 16, 17, 26.2                   |
| Chrome            | 143*                           |
| Firefox           | 102**, 115**, 128**, 140, 147* |
| Edge              | 143*                           |

\* Evergreen browser. Each version of Jasmine is tested against the latest
version available at release time.<br>
\** Supported on a best-effort basis. Support for these versions may be dropped
if it becomes impractical, and bugs affecting only these versions may not be
treated as release blockers.

------

_Release Notes generated with _[Anchorman](http://github.com/infews/anchorman)_